If you want to update more fields or add more metrics, just expand the JSON output and the dashboard will pick them up.
Let me know if you want to:
Add auto-refresh,
Handle loading/error states,
Or connect more metrics!

    netstat -ano | findstr :8000
        taskkill /PID <PID> /F

        gemini key AIzaSyAvuBvMI1Qi6OwkuJSU9nf2fACfMoEd6ns
        

        1. User Interface & Layout
The dashboard is a single-page web app built with HTML, Tailwind CSS, and Alpine.js for interactivity.
It displays various Facebook analytics metrics in a visually rich, card-based layout.
There are tabs for different metric categories (Reach, Engagement, Video, Conversion, Ads).
Users can open a configuration modal to select which metrics to display.
2. Metric Selection & Configuration
Users can choose which metrics to show/hide using the configuration button (top right).
The modal allows toggling metrics by category (Reach, Engagement, etc.).
The selected metrics are tracked in the selectedMetrics array in Alpine.js state.
"Select All" and "Deselect All" buttons allow quick configuration.
3. Data Fetching
On page load (x-init="fetchInsights()"), the dashboard calls the function fetchInsights().
This function sends a GET request to http://localhost:8000/api/facebook-metrics.
The backend (not shown here) is expected to return a JSON object with all the relevant Facebook metrics and AI-generated insights.
4. Data Binding & Display
The fetched data is stored in the Alpine.js state object metrics and aiInsights.
Metric values (e.g., reach, impressions, engagement rate) are displayed in the appropriate cards using Alpine.js bindings (e.g., x-text="formatNumber(metrics.reach)").
AI-generated insights are shown in the "AI Comprehensive Analysis" section.
5. Charts & Visualizations
The dashboard includes two Chart.js visualizations:
Engagement Rate vs Industry Benchmark
Engagement Breakdown
These charts are rendered in <canvas> elements, but the actual chart initialization code is not shown in the provided HTML (it may be in a separate JS file or expected to be added).
6. Tabs for Detailed Metrics
Users can switch between tabs to view detailed metrics for each category.
Each tab dynamically displays metric cards for its category, filtered by the user’s configuration.
7. AI Insights & Forecasts
The dashboard displays AI-generated insights and a 30-day performance forecast (static values in the HTML, but could be dynamic if backend provides them).
Insights include engagement rate analysis, reach analysis, engagement breakdown, and a summary.
8. Styling & Responsiveness
The dashboard uses Tailwind CSS for styling and is responsive for different screen sizes.
Custom styles are defined in the <style> block for cards, badges, modals, etc.



1. Backend (app.py) Workflow
a. Fetching Facebook Data
On startup, app.py loads the Facebook access token from tokens.json.
It fetches the latest 10 post IDs from the Facebook Graph API for a specific page.
For each post, it retrieves:
Engagement data (likes, comments, shares, reactions)
Reach (unique users who saw the post)
It aggregates these metrics across all posts.
b. Calculating Metrics
Sums up total reach, likes, comments, shares, and reactions.
Calculates Engagement Rate:
Engagement Rate
=
Likes
+
Comments
+
Shares
+
Reactions
Reach
×
100
Engagement Rate= 
Reach
Likes+Comments+Shares+Reactions
​
 ×100
c. Generating AI Insights
Calls the Gemini API (Google Generative AI) with the metrics and a prompt.
The AI returns four crisp insights:
engagementRateInsight
reachInsight
breakdownInsight
summaryInsight
d. Saving Results
Combines the metrics and AI insights into a single JSON object.
Saves this object to fb_metrics.json.
e. Serving Data via API
Sets up a FastAPI server with CORS enabled.
Exposes a single endpoint:
GET /api/facebook-metrics
Returns the contents of fb_metrics.json as JSON.
2. Frontend (FB-Analytics-Dashboard.html) Workflow
a. UI Initialization
Loads a modern dashboard UI using Tailwind CSS and Alpine.js.
On page load, calls the fetchInsights() function.
b. Fetching Data
fetchInsights() sends a GET request to http://localhost:8000/api/facebook-metrics.
Receives the metrics and AI insights from the backend.
c. Displaying Data
Binds the received metrics to various cards and charts in the dashboard.
Shows AI-generated insights in a dedicated section.
Allows users to select which metrics to display via a configuration modal.
d. User Interaction
Users can:
Switch between metric categories (tabs)
Show/hide specific metrics
View AI insights and performance forecasts


OLD ID 
{
    "page_id": "672392019294747",
    "page_access_token": "EAALJPX2NCegBPApKLkfHUefho0gOjt3i7xSkXj7SRnNUTftI9cp50E8iLTTHyZBvyS8BEVVRKlY1g6ceI6wljAwCc8a8tNlUC0vSyrUkOSz3kWlQHEA9WHO5KeCBfjSzna3MBrJhnHmeJTZCXzYGN3I4BmgVNFV7wTBhiyrED0r5fKZCDObaLXopXWGL77U3tcoNhWJ0UaX1oEMc4Dh"
}